2021 Solution Challenge  |  Google Developers Products Develop Android Cloud Firebase Flutter Google Assistant Maps Platform TensorFlow Web YouTube Grow Firebase Google Ads Google Analytics Google Play Search Web Push and Notification APIs Earn AdMob Google Ads API Google Pay Google Play Billing Interactive Media Ads Events Developer Communities Google Developer Groups Google Developers Experts Women Techmakers Accelerators Developer Student Clubs 2021 Solution Challenge Blog Language English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Français Português – Brasil Русский 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어 Challenge Timeline UN 17 Goals Resources Demo Day Winners Terms & Conditions FAQ Products More Events Developer Communities More Challenge Timeline UN 17 Goals Resources Demo Day Winners Terms & Conditions FAQ Blog Develop Android Cloud Firebase Flutter Google Assistant Maps Platform TensorFlow Web YouTube Grow Firebase Google Ads Google Analytics Google Play Search Web Push and Notification APIs Earn AdMob Google Ads API Google Pay Google Play Billing Interactive Media Ads Google Developer Groups Google Developers Experts Women Techmakers Accelerators Developer Student Clubs 2021 Solution Challenge Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities. See how. Home Developer Community Programs Google Developer Student Clubs 2021 Solution Challenge The 2021 Solution Challenge mission is to solve for one or more of the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals using Google technology. We invite university students around the world to join the competition with Google Developer Student Clubs. Step 1: Register Step 2: Learn and build Step 3: Demo and submit by April 11, 2021 emoji_events Top 50 teams Receive mentorship from Google and other experts to improve and submit a solution for the top prize. emoji_events Top 10 finalists Win a 1 year subscription to Pluralsight, swag, additional customized mentoring from Google, and a feature in the Google Developers Blog and Demo Day live on YouTube. emoji_events Top 3 winners Win all the prizes included in the Top 10 category along with a Chromebook and a coffee chat with a Google executive. What are the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals? Created by the United Nations in 2015 to be achieved by 2030, the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) agreed upon by all 193 United Nations Member States aim to end poverty, ensure prosperity, and protect the planet. Learn more Evaluation criteria Please note: Each solution is evaluated on a scale of 1 to 100. IMPACT [60 points] Does the entry establish a clear challenge focused on one or more of the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals? Is it explained in a clear manner with specific Sustainable Development Goal targets they are looking to solve for? [10] How effectively does the solution address the challenge identified by the team? [20] Is there evidence of a next step? Does the team display a plan for future extension if they were to continue? [10] Is there evidence that the solution has been thoroughly tested with real users? [10] Is there evidence that the solution was iterated upon based on user feedback? [10] TECHNOLOGY [40 points] Does the solution implement all the technical components needed to solve the challenge? [10] Has the team clearly explained what Google technology they used, why, and included guidance on how to run their code? [10] Does the video demonstration show the working solution and how a user will interact with the solution? Does the demonstration highlight how Google's technologies are implemented and also mention the value the technology provides the users? [10] Has the team made effective product and technical decisions for their solution? [10] Connect Blog Facebook Medium Twitter YouTube Programs Women Techmakers Google Developer Groups Google Developers Experts Accelerators Developer Student Clubs Developer consoles Google API Console Google Cloud Platform Console Google Play Console Firebase Console Actions on Google Console Cast SDK Developer Console Chrome Web Store Dashboard Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Sign up for the Google Developers newsletter Subscribe Language English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Français Português – Brasil Русский 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어