App Actions  |  Google Developers Google Assistant Actions on Google Ways to build Overview Learn all the ways to build Actions. Extend your mobile app Provide faster ways for users to access your Android app via Assistant. Build rich and natural conversations Build custom voice and visual experiences for smart devices. Enhance your web presence Present your content in rich ways for Google Search and Assistant. Connect your smart home devices Let users control lights, doors, coffee machines, and many other devices. Get inspired Why build Help users find answers and get things done with Google Assistant. Reach 1 billion devices Help users at home, on the go, and in the car—on over 1 billion devices. Build games Build fun, voice-enabled games for smart displays. Explore all Actions See what others are building for Google Assistant. Get discovered Publish your Actions to the Assistant directory. Docs Mobile App Actions Android Slices Assistant sharing Read It Content Schema.org web markup Smart home devices Overview Device types and traits Local Home SDK Experimental devices Assistant SDK Conversational Overview Fundamentals Build Interactive Canvas User engagement Transactions Account linking Console Overview Localization Analytics Policies Go to console Community Support Language English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Français Português – Brasil Русский 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어 App Actions Launch and deep link into Android apps from Google Assistant. Google Assistant Actions on Google More Docs More Community Support Ways to build Overview Extend your mobile app Build rich and natural conversations Enhance your web presence Connect your smart home devices Get inspired Why build Reach 1 billion devices Build games Explore all Actions Get discovered Mobile App Actions Android Slices Assistant sharing Read It Content Schema.org web markup Smart home devices Overview Device types and traits Local Home SDK Experimental devices Assistant SDK Conversational Overview Fundamentals Build Interactive Canvas User engagement Transactions Account linking Console Overview Localization Analytics Policies Go to console Google I/O is happening now! Join us from May 18 to 20 for discussions, learning, and a first look at our latest developer products. Watch now! Home Products Google Assistant App Actions Your Android apps, voice amplified Reduce friction by letting users fast-forward into your app's key functionality with their voice. This simple integration can be completed in only a few days and is available for all Android Apps. Get started For Android Developers Deep link to specific app functionality with App Actions App Actions enable your users to say simple voice commands to quickly access your Android app’s functionality. With Google Assistant’s intent mapping and Natural Language Understanding (NLU), all you need is a few days to add a layer of voice commands and users can jump to the activities in your app where engagement matters most. Get started Intents for Every Android App 1. Common intents Enable your users to access the most universal app features, such as Open and Search, by using simple voice commands. Learn more 2. Vertical intents Connect specific app functionality to voice commands that are tailored to a wide array of app categories such as Communications, Shopping, Finance, Games, and more. Learn more 3. Custom intents Create your own intents using voice commands that are customized to your app’s unique functionality. Learn more For Android Developers Surface common tasks using Shortcuts Help users create personalized app Shortcuts to get to their favorite and frequent tasks quickly and easily. Shortcuts pop up when you long-press the app icon then drag the shortcut to the home screen to create a shortcut launcher icon. With Google Assistant, you can invoke them by using your voice. And Google Assistant can suggest relevant shortcuts to users and help drive traffic to your app. Get started For Android Developers Suggest personal voice Shortcuts to your users with In-App Promotion In-App Promotion helps you be top of mind for your users by proactively suggesting App Actions at the right moments to help drive engagement. Get started Top Android developers using App Actions Explore the top Android developers who have already implemented App Actions on our Assistant directory. News and resources Learn how to integrate your Android App to Google Assistant Watch video Explore App Actions code samples Download and try the App Actions samples on GitHub. Try the samples Start App Actions codelab Learn the basics of integrating App Actions, including using the App Actions test tool. Try the codelab Start building in Android Studio Get started More Information Google Assistant Why build for the Assistant? How Google Assistant works Assistant directory Support Community Programs Women Techmakers Google Developer Groups Google Developers Experts Accelerators Developer Student Clubs Developer consoles Google API Console Google Cloud Platform Console Google Play Console Firebase Console Actions on Google Console Cast SDK Developer Console Chrome Web Store Dashboard Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Sign up for the Google Developers newsletter Subscribe Language English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Français Português – Brasil Русский 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어